c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\B.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\background.jpg
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\CaveTop.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\cursorSprite.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Down.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\I1.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\I1Bag.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\I2.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\I2BAG.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Inventory.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LVL0.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Lvl1.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LvL2.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LVL3.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LVL4.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LVL5.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\P1.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\P2.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\P3.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\P4.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\PlatForm.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Up.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.exe
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.pdb
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\obj\x86\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.exe
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\obj\x86\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.pdb
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\obj\x86\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\HealthGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\HealthRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Ladder.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Cracked.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\DarkBG.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Crane.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\FirstAid.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\FirstAidINBag.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Spike.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\DangerZone.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\exit.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LoadScreen.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\orb.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\start.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Pause.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Resume.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\interactionPrompt.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\CraneLvl.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\1500OhmGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\1500OhmRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\150OhmGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\15OhmGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\GreenWire.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\RedWire.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\YellowWire.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\120OhmRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\2.2OhmRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\2.2OhmYellow.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\470OhmYellow.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\47OhmYellow.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\cursorDummyActive.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\obj\x86\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.exe
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\obj\x86\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.pdb
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\B.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\background.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\CaveTop.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Cracked.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Crane.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\CraneLvl.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\cursorDummyActive.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\cursorSprite.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\DangerZone.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\DarkBG.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Down.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\exit.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\FirstAid.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\FirstAidINBag.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\HealthGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\HealthRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\I1.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\I1Bag.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\I2.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\I2BAG.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\interactionPrompt.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Inventory.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Ladder.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LoadScreen.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LVL0.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Lvl1.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LvL2.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LVL3.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LVL4.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LVL5.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\120OhmRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\1500OhmGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\1500OhmRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\150OhmGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\15OhmGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\2.2OhmRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\2.2OhmYellow.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\470OhmYellow.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\47OhmYellow.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\GreenWire.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\RedWire.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\YellowWire.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\orb.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\P1.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\P2.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\P3.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\P4.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Pause.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\PlatForm.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Resume.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Spike.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\start.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Up.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.exe
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.pdb
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\obj\x86\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\240V.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\480V.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\600V.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\OhmDropTile.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\Check.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\X.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\240OhmRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\270OhmYellow.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\Range.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\2.2OhmGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\FlashLight.png
